welcome to cheese kitchen today I am
going to make chili fried Italy these
are the ingredients of the recipe it's a
very easy a quick snack that you can do
and requires very less ingredients also
select C one of the ingredients so I
have four at least here and this is
Italy chili powder
chili powder very less because this
itself will be really spicy so very less
of chili powder and then all-purpose
flour these are the ingredients of the
recipe now let's see have to make this
chili Italy fry will be cutting each in
Italy into four pieces like this
so I've cut all the it leaves into
pieces like this so I have my at least
and my dippin powders ready
so basically what you have to do is you
have to take a piece and and you have to
dip it and dip it on the chili powder
mixture all the sides like this and then
dip it on the all-purpose flour and
chili powder mixture just mixed a chili
powder and all-purpose flour together so
yes it is ready this is how I'm going to
do it for all the pieces oil is hot
we're going to check it by dropping a
Italy small bit lippies yes it is hot so
I'm going to start frying the marinated
at least
you're gonna fry this till it's crispy
so yes the chili Italy fry is a done
this is a really really easy snack that
you can make I'm just going to have it
with some tomato sauce mmm
little crispy and full nice I'm going to
continue these lovely fries I shall see
you guys in my next video take care bye
mmm
bye bye